Jonathan Stevenson
 
Technical Account Manager
Aptly Technology Corp
Cell 425-679-1197 I Email: jonathan.s@aptlytech.com
Website: www.aptlytech.com

A Diversity Owned Company





From: Jonathan Stevenson
Sent: Tuesday, July 31, 2018 9:39 AM
To: Rosa Li
Subject: IRISTestbot1 
 
Hi Rosa,

I tested out the IRISTestbot1, here is my feedback:

Greeting: I was able to initiate conversation with bot using hi, hello and hey. I then tested out other greetings and found that any correctly spelt word initiates the bot. Ex: "Seahawks" responds with "Hi, my name is Jane... I'm the IRIS support bot.  What can I help you with today?"
Note: The first message sent to IRISTestbot1 took a couple of minutes to send and respond with greeting. After first message, the response was much quicker.

Wiki Questions: I was able to ask "How to set up" and "What to do to set up" and both questions returned "It seems that you are looking for help on how to setup a campaign.  Here is a wiki to help you get started: http://www.iriswiki.com"
Note: If I ask "How to set up" after the bots response, I received the question "would you like help with campaigns or interactions" and the only response I could give was yes/no.

Troubleshoot: I did not know how to troubleshoot from the email. After playing with the bot, I asked it a random question in which it responded with "I am your marketing campaign support bot, I cannot answer that question yet. But you can try asking how to set up Campaign or interaction". I then responded with "how to set up interaction" and the bot replied "Alright, sounds like you want to troubleshoot a campaign.  What's your campaign ID?". Entering any number at this point returned "Here is your campaign <number> information: ...". 
Note: I think this is a good user work flow, but I did not know how to initially start troubleshooting.

Lookup Data: When asking "how to look up data", the bot responded with expected flow of capturing the intention then recognize the value of the ask with "You have reached Lookup. You said: how too look up data"

The bot is looking great and I can't wait to see it once it is connected to campaign property data.

Best Regards,

Jonathan Stevenson